# CobrowseIO SDK - Remote Screenshare Service

With [Cobrowse.io](https://cobrowse.io)'s screen sharing technology for mobile apps you can see *exactly* what your customer sees on their mobile device, and provide realtime annotations to help solve customer support queries quickly.

## Try it out

You can try the Cobrowse.io service for **free** and **without signing up for an account**. Just follow the installation instructions below, then head to <https://cobrowse.io/trial> to use the trial dashboard.

## Installation

Cobrowse uses a maven distribution. Add these lines to your gradle files:

**In your project build.gradle**
Esnure that JCenter is added to your list of repositories:
```gradle
repositories {
    jcenter()
}
```

**In your app build.gradle**
```gradle
dependencies {
    // ... other dependencies ...
    implementation 'io.cobrowse:cobrowse-sdk-android:0.+'
}
```

## Basic Setup

The CobrowseIO SDK can be used in your Android projects by:
1. Adding the appropriate code below into one of your Activity's
2. Hook up a button to trigger the action (or call it programatically if you prefer).

```java

import io.cobrowse.core.CobrowseIO;
import io.cobrowse.ui.CobrowseActivity;

public class MainActivity extends AppCompatActivity {

    // the rest of your Activity

    public void startCobrowse(View view) {
        Intent intent = new Intent(this, CobrowseActivity.class);
        startActivity(intent);
    }
}
```

Make sure you've hooked up a trigger for the `startCobrowse` method that we've just added, then head to <https://cobrowse.io/trial> and enter the 6 digit code that will be generated by your app when you trigger the action!

## Configuration

Once you've tested out your app using the trial dashboard you're ready to create an account and add in the free license key to your app. This will associate sessions from your mobile app with your Cobrowse account.

### Add your license key
Once you've signed up for a free account at [cobrowse.io](https://cobrowse.io), you'll be able to find your license key at <https://cobrowse.io/dashboard/settings>. Add this to your SDK setup:
```java
CobrowseIO.instance().license = "<your license key here>";
```
You can do this anywhere convenient, so long as it's run before starting a Cobrowse session. We recommend adding it to the `onCreate()` of your custom Application subclass.

## Requirements

* API version 21 or later
